# Aerospace Launch Business Data Analysis
## 

The exponential advance not only of computational power but also the rapid spread of internet has given independent research groups and personal researchers massive amounts of data previously only available to whomever is able to afford data warehouses. The aforementioned push towards data has created another S.T.E.M. (Science Technology Engineering Mathematics) field that is very much a hot topic in the Tech world. This field is known as Data Science. Data Science, as a profession is a hybrid of software engineering/computer science, statistics, and mathematical modelling. Software knowledge enables researchers to benefit from coding in languages other than de-facto MATLAB to extract and manipulate data from various sources. Once the data is acquired, data analysis and statistical insight is needed to get an intuition of the various trends in the dataset using methods such as resampling methods. Then Machine learning models, such as neural networks which evolved out of various statistical approaches such as Bayesian theorem and Markov chains, can be created for forecasting. Regression-based mathematical models such as Principle Component Analysis (PCA), Least Means Square Error (LMSE) are quite popular in Business Intelligence today for time-series data. This research will be an explorative study with the aim of providing a variety of tools and techniques that are part of the Data Science lifecycle that can prove to be give a massive advantage to researchers in the Aerospace Industry. This lifecycle will be used to study global launch business and applied to various datasets found online.
